hello truth here with a rant /
comparison of the fable games in the
fable series all of them every single
one see look at them there's four cool
huh anyways as a stated in my favor lost
chapters review I am a huge fan fable
series and I have bought every game see
and fabled lost chapters is definitely
my favorite one out of them all it'll go
fable TLC fable two and then fable three
that shitty fucking piece of shit
alright so let's get the comparison of
why I don't like and then I like of each
of games and then comparable I was going
to do it on Maura they shoul whatever by
picking out five topics and they're
comparing them but looking at this you
can't really do that for some like fable
lost chapters was made way before fable
three and of course able three is going
to have superior graphics so of course
it would win but you know you can't
really do that not just for the graphics
wise but it goes much deeper and I will
show you how deep it goes hey only pun
alright so start off with available TLC
good things here boss fights you can
actually die enemies are actually a
challenge at times like if it's your
first run through this game and you just
go out and buy it you will find the
enemies to be challenging first time
playing this game same thing with the
boss battles the huge ass variety of
spells
then the story just makes fucking sense
now what I don't dislike marriage is you
can't have kids not in the first one
which I found to be kind of weird
because I like had sex with my wife over
300 times to try and have a kid and it
did not work but you can't have kids
after you beat the game once the game
difficulty just the drops the hell I
wish they had a um like a difficulty bar
we can such a difficult you can make a
little bit harder I wish you could fight
in the arena all of the time but you
cannot which is a big bummer because the
arena is a fun fuck in place and so I'd
have to make a separate save file and
just here hero save instead of regular
save now they took out the hero to save
fable 2 & 3 it's um basically a hero
save as went on your during a major
quest like an important one that
advances yuzu the story and it will save
all your items that shit that you gather
but you have to restart the quest over
because you're saving a little of the
quest now you might think oh that's
fucking retarded why would they do that
well it's actually a good thing because
you can exploit this in the arena you
get a whole shitload of experience
points now you keep here to save when
you get to the end beat the last boss so
you just keep going over and over you
get a whole fuck ton of experience
points and you can abuse that you can
also abuse it with the silver key trick
that many fable fans know about where
you can just keep hero saving when you
go into an area that has the silver key
dig that shit up and hero save in the
low but you need to be careful with that
one because you do many loads the game
goes live so you got to be careful with
that
boss battles they're good they um they
are very fun and they're there that's
all I'm going to say they are there in
fable 2 in table 3 they are non-existent
especially in fable three and it's in a
little bit less in fable two did like
the only boss battle there in fable 2 is
like a random fucking troll which sucks
that they took a mountain fable three
and they weren't like that you couldn't
encounter them the way you could in
fable one which was a real shame because
they were some of the funnest enemies
the fucking kill besides like ball
greens and shit like that and fable dude
they also made ball bearings weaker they
made him look all fucked up their faces
were like smooshed in and shit it looked
weird and they transformed they can go
back to human form though they didn't do
that in the first one but it's if I
don't I didn't like that I didn't like
that gimmick it wasn't very cool and
they treated the white ball Vereen like
some regular fucking mob trash I'm on a
favor one it was considered a fucking
boss but then when you got to the arena
they threw two at you and it's like
facing a fucking two bosses at once or
some shit and then the spells spells
variety is amazing you got you got
fucking good side suppose got neutral
spells and you got evil spells now of
course what I mean by good and evil
spells is not because you have to be
evil to use them but you have to be evil
to master them and that gives you like
more damage and more power to that spell
if you're on the side that's it's
usually four but either way it's still a
huge ass variety there's like over 30
spells in Fable one like five in fable
two and three from what I believe and
what I remember it does sad part is I
haven't played fable TLC in a few months
and I've played like fable two like
three months ago and then as soon as
people three came out I started playing
that I don't remember that much about
the spells and combat wise have fable
three anymore it just it don't leave a
good impact like fable one did it's the
people kept saying that fable one was
too short yes it was too short and I
wish it was longer that's why they came
out with fable TLC but that was still a
little bit too short in my opinion and
then acropolis was a tedious piece of
shit also that it's overhyped of course
the whole damn series is overhyped and
couldn't deliver but I think fabled TLC
definitely delivered in that be able two
and fable three could not compete I
would I really don't like about fable
two you know i'll mention that in a
little bit all right the combat in
weapons in fable one is pretty good um
there's this like there's just class of
on weapons that I did mention in my
review called legendary weapons you do
find him in fable 2 and in fable three
basically you're using a legendary
weapon which is complete shit and I do
not like that at all